Rules documentation (#2932)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/rules.md

> # Pipeline rules

Reviewer: I wonder if we should be referring to this simply as 'Rules' rather than 'Pipeline rules'? Just thinking forward to using this for things other than pipelines.

> # Pipeline rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Rules
```

> Pipeline rules is a Buildkite feature used to manage and organize permissions between pipelines and other resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules is a Buildkite feature used to manage and organize permissions between Buildkite resources.
```

> Rules express that an action is allowed between a source resource (eg. a pipeline) and a target resource (eg. another pipeline). Rules allow you to break out of the defaults provided by Buildkite such as cluster boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules express that an action is allowed between a source resource (e.g. a pipeline) and a target resource (e.g. another pipeline). Rules allow you to break out of the defaults provided by Buildkite such as cluster boundaries.
```

> ## Pipeline rules best practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Best practices
```

### How should I use rules?

> Use rules to manage permissions between pipelines and other resources. Rules are typically used in tandem with [clusters](/docs/clusters/overview) to increase security and control, where clusters set hard boundaries and rules provide exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use rules to manage permissions between pipelines and other resources. Rules are typically used in tandem with [clusters](/docs/clusters/overview) to increase security and control, where clusters set hard boundaries and rules define exceptions to those boundaries.
```

Reviewer: It might be nice to add something like 'For example, a rule could be defined to allow a CI pipeline in one cluster to trigger a Deploy pipeline in another cluster.'

Reviewer: Oh woops, I hadn't read all the way down. I see you've already got something like this in the Example rule use bit 😅

### Available rules

#### `pipeline.trigger_build.pipeline` 

Cross-cluster pipeline triggering (eg. allow a pipeline in one cluster to trigger a pipeline in another cluster).

Value fields:

- `triggering_pipeline_uuid` The UUID of the pipeline that is allowed to trigger another pipeline.
- `triggered_pipeline_uuid` The UUID of the pipeline that is allowed to be triggered by the `triggering_pipeline_uuid` pipeline.

### `pipeline.artifacts_read.pipeline` Allowing jobs in a pipeline to access artifacts from builds in other pipelines.

Value fields:

- `source_pipeline_uuid` The UUID of the pipeline that is allowed to access artifacts from another pipeline.
- `target_pipeline_uuid` The UUID of the pipeline that is allowed to have its artifacts accessed by jobs in the `source_pipeline_uuid` pipeline.

> ### Example rule use

Reviewer: This example feels like it should go underneath the `pipeline.trigger_build.pipeline` section. 
Also, we dont have an example for `artifacts_read` - it might be nice to add one.

> Imagine you use two clusters to separate environments necessary for building your application (CI cluster) and deploying your application (CD cluster). Ordinarily pipelines in those clusters would not be able to trigger each other due to the isolation of clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine you use two clusters to separate the environments necessary for building and deploying your application: a CI cluster and a CD cluster. Ordinarily, pipelines in these separate clusters are not able to trigger each other due to the isolation of clusters.
```

> Creating a `pipeline.trigger_build.pipeline` rule would allow triggering a pipeline in the CD cluster from a pipeline in the CD cluster. This would allow maintaining the separation of the CI and CD agents and still support triggering the deployment pipeline from the build pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `pipeline.trigger_build.pipeline` rule would allow a pipeline in the CI cluster to trigger a build for a pipeline in the CD cluster, while maintaining the separation of the CI and CD agents in their respective clusters.
```

An example of a rule that allows a pipeline in the CI cluster to trigger a pipeline in the CD cluster:

```json
{
  "rule": "pipeline.trigger_build.pipeline",
  "value": {
    "triggering_pipeline_uuid": "{uuid-of-build-pipeline}",
    "triggered_pipeline_uuid": "{uuid-of-deploy-pipeline}"
  }
}
```

## Create a rule

> Admins can create new rules on the **Rules** page in the **Organization settings**, as well as via the Buildkite REST API and GraphQL API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization admins can create new rules on the **Rules** page in the **Organization settings**, as well as via the Buildkite REST API and GraphQL API.
```

> Admins can create new rules on the **Rules** page in the **Organization settings**, as well as through the REST API's or GraphQL API's create-a-rule feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins can create new rules on the **Rules** page in the **Organization settings**, as well as via the REST API or GraphQL API.
```

Reviewer: It'd also be good to link to the respective API docs here.

> ### Using the Buildkite interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the Buildkite UI
```

> To create a new cluster using the Buildkite interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new cluster using the Buildkite UI:
```

1. Select **Settings** in the global navigation to access the **Organization settings** page.

> 2. Select the **Rules** page in the Pipelines section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Rules** in the Pipelines section.
```

3. Select **New rule**.
4. Under **Rule name**, select the type of rule you want to create, such as `pipeline.trigger_build.pipeline`.

> 5. Fill out the UUIDs of the pipelines you wish to create a target for. Access the UUIDs of your pipelines on their **Settings** page under the **GraphQL API integration** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Under **Rule document**, fill out with the relevant data. For example, if you're creating a `pipeline.trigger_build.pipeline` rule, you'll need to provide a `triggering_pipeline_uuid` and a `triggered_pipeline_uuid`. You can find the UUIDs of your pipelines on their **Settings** page under the **GraphQL API integration** section.
```

6. Select **Submit**.

> ### Using the REST API

Reviewer: These two bottom API sections feel like they belong in the dedicated Buildkite REST and GraphQL API sections of the docs? Maybe we could shift the detail over there, and just link to it from here
